Update recordings docs (#3181)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/user-guides/recordings.mdx

The Recordings (or Session Recording) feature allows you to record users navigating through your website and play back individual sessions to watch how real users use your product. There are multiple use cases for this:

-   Troubleshooting bugs and UX issues: when a user runs into a problem, watch exactly what they did so you can reproduce and fix.
-   Obtaining qualitative information on your product: for example, when you notice a drop in conversion, watch recordings to understand the **why** of users dropping.
-   Understanding detailed interactions with your product so you can improve it.
-   ... and many more.

## How to enable

1. Add any URL where you wish to capture recordings to your Authorized URLs (`/project/settings#authorized-urls`) project settings. You can just add your entire domain (e.g. `myposthogapp.com`).
2. Go to your Project Settings (`/project/settings#recordings`) and enable Recordings.

A few things worth keeping in mind:

-   Recordings can **only be used** with our [JavaScript library](/docs/integrate/client/js).
-   In particular, this feature will not work with <b>Segment</b>, as Segment's SDK does not collect and send this data. _If you use

>     Segment, you may want to add the PostHog library too (make sure to only send regular event data from one source)._

Reviewer: why is this "may", can we clarify?

Author: ```suggestion
    Segment, and want to use the Recordings feature, you should add the PostHog library too (but make sure to only send regular event data from one source)._
```

-   To make sure you focus on the relevant parts of a recording, you can change the speed as well as select the option 'skip inactive' - this will skip chunks of the recording where the user was inactive on the page.
-   You will see a list of events in the right side. This will include autocapture and custom events. If you're looking for an event in particular (e.g. `user signed up`) you can click on it to instantly jump to the point in time where the event happened.
-   The seekbar at the bottom acts as a timeline and shows pins where specific events occurred. Hover over each pin for details.
-   The seekbar shows a striped pattern when inactivity ocurred and a solid pattern when activity ocurred. If the pattern is red it means the recording has been buffered and loaded. If it's gray it means it's loading.
-   The top right hand side corner will include some helpful metadata on the recording like screen size, user details, browser & OS, and location (if you are on PostHog Cloud or have the GeoIP plugin enabled.)
-   Recordings you have watched will be shown grayed out. If you like to watch most or all the recordings for your users this will help you keep track.

## Billing

> Billing for recordings is handled a bit differently than for regular events as a recording will include a lot of events. Billing is ...

Author: @marcushyett-ph could you add the extra billing context here 🙏 ?
